<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">

<head>

    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
    <meta name="description" content="">
    <meta name="author" content="">

    <title>HPHA - Meetings</title>

    <!-- Bootstrap Core CSS -->
    <link href="css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- Custom CSS -->
    <link href="css/modern-business.css" rel="stylesheet">

    <!-- Custom Fonts -->
    <link href="font-awesome/css/font-awesome.min.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">

    <!-- HTML5 Shim and Respond.js IE8 support of HTML5 elements and media queries -->
    <!-- WARNING: Respond.js doesn't work if you view the page via file:// -->
    <!--[if lt IE 9]>
        <script src="https://oss.maxcdn.com/libs/html5shiv/3.7.0/html5shiv.js"></script>
        <script src="https://oss.maxcdn.com/libs/respond.js/1.4.2/respond.min.js"></script>
    <![endif]-->

    <style>
        a.anchor {
            padding-top: 30px;
            margin-top: -30px;
        }

            a.anchor,
            a.anchor:hover {
                text-decoration: none;
                color: #000000;
                cursor: text;
            }

        .meetingTopics {
            margin-bottom: 10px;
        }
    </style>
</head>

<body>

    <!-- Navigation -->
    <script src="menu.js"></script>

    <!-- Page Content -->
    <div class="container">

        <!-- Page Heading/Breadcrumbs -->
        <div class="row">
            <div class="col-lg-12">
                <h1 class="page-header">
                    Meetings
                    <!-- <small>Subheading</small> -->
                </h1>
                <ol class="breadcrumb">
                    <li>
                        <a href="index.html">HPHA Home</a>
                    </li>
                    <li class="active">Meetings</li>
                </ol>
            </div>
        </div>
        <!-- /.row -->
        <!-- Content Row -->
        <div class="row">
            <!-- First Column -->
            <div class="col-md-3 well">
                <h3>Attend the next HPHA meeting</h3>
                <h4>October 20, 2021 7PM</h4>
                <p>
                    <address>
                        <strong>HPYC</strong><br>
                        Huron Pointe Yacht Club <br>(South side of South River Rd. East of Lakeshore Dr.)
                    </address>
                </p>
                <p>
                    October's HPHA meeting will include <!--elections for the HPHA board if anyone is interested in taking a role on the board.-->
                    <ul>
                        <li>S.A.D. Weed control treatment kickoff & signture drive</li>
                        <li>Need volunteer block captain for W. Archer</li>
                        <li>Road resurfacing & bike path S.A.D. update</li>
                        <li>Dues drive (currently only 127 of 850+)</li>
                        <li>Looking for beautification committee volunteers</li>
                        <li>Open questions or comments</li>
                    </ul>
                </p>
            </div>


            <!-- Second Column -->
            <div class="col-md-9">
                <h4>Note: The information below has been gathered from various posts in our Facebook group. If you have additional information about these or other past meetings please send it to <a href="mailto:HPHAWebContent@gmail.com">HPHAWebContent@gmail.com</a>.</h4>

                <a name="052021" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>May, 2021</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul class="meetingTopics">
                        <li><a href="docs/HPHA 2021 annual meeting.docx" target="_blank">Click here for agenda.</a></li>
                        <li>
                            Ken Mulder introduced himself and advised all present we had a lot of
                            agenda items to cover and asked if we kept questions to a minimum.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            Dave Fischer, treasurer, provided 2 years of accounting information.
                            Income from Jan 20 – May 21 $5,074 and expenses for the period were
                            $4,076. As of May 18, there are a total of 80 due paying members for 2021.
                            We set aside $1,000 per year for legal fee, if it doesn’t get used it rolls back
                            into the general fund.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            Garage sale scheduled for Friday – Sunday, May 21 – 23. Sunday night and
                            Monday is free pickings.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            Elections. All current members agreed to stay on the board except trustee
                            Larry Gass.<br />
                President – Ken Mulder<br />
                Vice President – Dean Parent<br />
                Secretary – Patti Nass<br />
                Treasurer – Dave Fisher<br />
                Trustees – Bill Fromius &amp; Joe Raymond<br />
                Two new Trustees will join the board – Brett Kurily &amp; Elizabeth Dritsas

                </li>
                <li>
                Canal entrance lighting &amp; buoys – board purchased 3 lit no-wake buoy and
                will be installed. One in the lake near 1 st bridge, one between the island and
                Venetian canal, one to mark the Huron Point canal.<br />
                Lights were installed at the end of Lakeshore &amp; Lakeville canal and are said
                to be working well.
                </li>
                <li>
                We are in the 5 th year on the weed control SAD. There’s a new provider this
                year, the former provider retired; we’d like feedback from households to
                advise us if they are happy with the new provider. The board is talking to
                other subdivisions about their providers. Will resume with 3 weed
                treatments this summer. The butcher block signs will be out to notify
                homeowners when the weed control is scheduled.
                Harrison Township will solicit bids for new SAD to begin in 2022. Looking for
                volunteers to collect signatures later this year for for the weed control SAD
                later this year.
                There will be a separate SAD for Venetian so it doesn’t affect the remainder
                of the subdivision. In the future if Venetian is in favor of weed SAD we may
                incorporate into one SAD for entire sub. The SAD will once again be a 5 year
                contract vs. formerly done yearly.<br />
                Current Block Captains:<br />
                Bill Fromius &amp;. Debi Chestnut – Huron Pointe<br />
                Dave Britten – Venetian<br />
                Dave Fisher – Lakeshore from S. RR to N. Bridge<br />
                Dave Kowachek – Circle Dr.<br />
                Gail Rappert – Riverdale<br />
                Karen Moncrieff – Lakeshore from N. bridge to Black Creek<br />
                Ken Mulder – E &amp; W Archer &amp; Pardee St.<br />
                Need – Lakeville<br /><br />
                It was suggested we email the flyers, however; we do not have everyones
                email address. President Mulder mentioned that we put it on HPHA
                Facebook page.<br /><br />
                Weed control captains:<br />
                Bill Schibel – Lakeshore &amp; Lakeville<br />
                Dave Kewacuk – Lakeville/Circle<br />
                Jeff Papsdorf – Huron Pointe/ Circle<br />
                Ken Mulder – Archer, Lakeshore &amp; W. Archer<br />
                Need - Venetian<br />
                </li>
                <li>
                A vote was taken to replace the entrance sign with a large engraved
                boulder, there was a consensus to proceed with the new boulder. The
                existing sign at the entrance was installed when the roads were completed
                which needs repair. Cost to refinish/repaint/replace wood is up to $5,000;
                new boulder is estimated to be $4,500. Permit from Township was
                approved. Board is looking for electrical volunteer to rewire lights once the

                boulder is installed. Price estimate to include a foundation under the
                boulder.
                </li>
                <li>
                Road SAD – In 2019 Harrison Twp. had roads assessed by Road Commission.
                We are looking to have all roads resurfacing next year if the water levels
                remain low to include Venetian. If the SAD is approved by homeowners the
                SAD will include a bike shoulder on both sides of Lakeshore for safety
                purposes. County will only install shoulder if it is done on both sides.
                Lakeshore is treacherous to walk or ride a bicycle on. Lakeshore is the only
                stripped road in the subdivision, therefore, it’s the only one that can have
                bike shoulders. Must obtain 51% of homeowners to agree in order to
                proceed. The total cost will be divided by number of houses/residence.<br /><br />
                The SAD will Include all streets except W. Archer in the event W. Archer
                would like to add a pump station. If they vote to add a pump station W.
                Archer will have their own SAD.<br /><br />
                The board will request assistance from Macomb County Road commission
                to help supplement the cost once we have a SAD approved. Macomb
                County will never repave the roads even if the roads fall apart; cost of
                repaving is upon homeowners to pay for. The County sealed the roads
                once but will not do again, only patch.<br /><br />
                Neither brick mailboxes nor landscaping will be replaced, only sod will be
                replaced. The bike path/shoulder will consist of the same type of
                foundation as the road.
                *Note the bike path/shoulder IS NOT a parking area, if FEDEX has a delivery
                they may park over the bike path momentarily.<br /><br />
                Comment was made regarding the end of East Archer needs work which is
                an abutments. President Mulder brought this issue up to the County
                Commissioner to add it into their future budget; not much success but Ken
                will continue to pursue.
                Comment was made regarding adding speed bumps – President Mulder
                advised speed bumps are illegal, though we may replace speed sign with
                electronic speed signs. The Board asks all homeowners to be courteous to
                walkers and bikers and give them space.
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            In 2018 an estimate of $3,000 per parcel to mill &amp; fill which consists of
                            remove asphalt surface, use existing to create new bed.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            When the roads were repaved previously it was assessed by frontage as
                            the project included adding drainage.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            We’ll need to have engineering come out and reassess the roads to get an
                            exact cost by parcel.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            Bike path will be the full length of Lakeshore Dr. with 3’ shoulder on
                            each side. Stripped &amp; designated. Road commission will only do it if we
                            do both sides. Walk with traffic, ride against traffic.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            Residence cannot fill in swales or park cars on the swales. The weight
                            crushes storm sewer. Thirty years ago, the township assessed fines to
                            individuals who parked on swales.
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                New Harrison Township residential ordinances which will affect residence
                in Huron Point. Recreation vehicle storage has changed, to review the
                changes review the bottom of the Harrison Township website. Provides
                info on what can be stored, how can be stored, and setbacks.
                    <ul>
                        <li>Empty lot – lot owner must own what is stored on the lot</li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                    Huron Pointe Excavating – Request a permit from EAGLE and Army COR to
                    construct a wave attenuation, the board submitted an objection to the
                    project on behalf of all HPHA homeowners. requested a permit from
                    EAGLE and Army COR to object to the project. Huron Pointe Excavating is
                    not using the property in accordance with zoning usage. Property zoned
                    waterfront not for marine usage. They are storing barges is violation.
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            President Mulder recommended homeowners to attend Harrison
                            Township board meeting which are open meeting and voice your
                            objection.
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                Township provided guidance on how to dispose of sandbags. Though the
                townships recommendation is to leave them in place. If you do not want to
                leave them in place you CANNOT dump the sand into the canal or at
                seawall. Please do not dump at prior location where there was sand.
                Township has 2 designated locations, must dump sand into the sand pile
                and dispose of bags properly.
                </li>
                <li>
                Discussion was held regarding the Interest in dredging canals, 51% of
                homeowners must agree. Would be paid for via a SAD, only homeowners
                who live on the canal would pay.
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            Mechanical dredging vs. vacuuming – remove all the loose stuff, slightly
                            more expensive. Must stay 5’ away from seawall.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            Need to stop weed growth by dredging not just treating and killing for them
                            to grow back the following year.
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </li>
                <li>
                No subdivision cleanup on June 12, doesn’t appear to be required at this
                time.
                </li>
                <li>
                Open the floor up for questions and there weren’t any.
                </li>
                </ul>
                </p>

                <a name="112018" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>November, 2018</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul class="meetingTopics">
                        <li>There are funds left over that were collected for the canal weed control treatments before the SAD was enacted. There were several uses proposed for the funds but the consensus was that they should go towards canal improvements and not into the HPHA general fund. Some of the suggestions included cleaning out the culverts at the end of some of the canals to promote better water flow and the addition of lit "NO WAKE" buoys at the entrance to the canals off the Black Creek and Campua Bay. We are looking into the cost and any approvals that must be obtained to make these happen.</li>
                        <li>There was a possibility of having parking spaces added at Aune Park but the feedback we received indicated that this was not a necessity and that people can park on the road around the park when using it.</li>
                        <li>We just completed year 2 of the 5 year SAD for the weed control treatments and while most people saw the improvement from the past when the canals were not treated there were still some problem areas. Please contact a board member if you have concerns with the effectiveness so we can reach out to the contractor. We are going to ask the contractor to attend a meeting in the spring to address some of the technical questions that we cannot not answer. We will also look into getting quotes from contractors used in some of the other subdivisions near us to make sure we are getting the best deal and the most effective treatment when we look at the next SAD.</li>
                        <li>There was not as much information on road resurfacing as we would have liked to have provided, the Township Clerk was bogged down by the recent election but should be free to meet with us shortly. The township had their engineer evaluate the roads so that he can provide us with his recommended solutions moving forward. We still intend to address the bike/walking lane along Lakeshore Dr and the need for better drainage on W Archer and Venetian. When we have more information we will pass it along.</li>
                        <li>We are looking at adding a book sharing box/house near or in the Huron Pointe. The 2 locations that are being looked at are at the county park next to North Star Sail Club or at Aune Park.</li>
                        <li>As speeding continues to be an issue we have still been looking into solar powered radar speed signs strategically placed throughout the sub. The opinions on whether or not they will be effective for the cost seem to be pretty divided.</li>
                        <li>Nanette and Clyde Morency continue to put up great seasonal decorations at the entrances and if you would be willing to volunteer to help out please let us know.</li>
                        <li>At our next meeting in January we will hold elections for the HPHA board if anyone is interested in taking a role on the board.</li>
                    </ul>
                </p>

                <a name="012018" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>January, 2018</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul class="meetingTopics">
                        <li>2018 HPHA dues of $25 are due, the form to pay was on the flyer sent out in the mail or is available on www.HPHA.us. We have 460 members on this page and only about 150 residents pay the $25 dues out of roughly 900 properties. The more people that pay their dues the more money the HPHA can put into improvements and events.</li>
                        <li>2018 HPHA elections were held, we had no new volunteers or nominations. The board members stayed the same but Larry Gass is the new Vice President and Joe Raymon asked to step down but stay on as a Trustee</li>
                        <li>Pardee bridge update from the MCDR. The geotechnical field work has been completed. The seawall design is being finalized. Permits from the MDEQ and FAA have been aquired and the USACE permit will come in after the seawall design is complete. Consumers Energy has cut and capped their line on both sides of the bridge and retired the main attached to the bridge. DTE will be de-energizing and removing their lines over the canal this month. The project will be advertised in February and is scheduled to begin in March.</li>
                        <li>The seawall at the end of Archer Dr is in need of repair/replacement but will not be done with the Pardee bridge project. There are multiple seawalls on County property in Harrison Township in similar condition and they will be bundled together as one project to be added to the budget items.</li>
                        <li>We are still trying to get the ball rolling on road resurfacing and adding a walking/biking shoulder to Lakeshore Dr. We have been working with County Commissioner Robert Leonetti to get an engineer out from the MCDR to give us an assessment of the road conditions and options for repair. While it seems like we have been going around in circles with the MCDR we are going to work with the Township Clerk to start the SAD process to satisfy the MCDR requirements and move forward. As some point we will need volunteers to help poll the neighborhood with options and then get signatures for a SAD if we move forward.</li>
                        <li>We received an update from the USACE on the wetalnds project at the Harley Ensign DNR site. The dredging and material placement in the bay is complete. There is still some remaining work left to be done including tree removal, filling in the research ponds, site grading and planting the entire site including the wetalnds. All work must be complete by the end of May and then there will be a year of minor establishment activities.</li>
                        <li>The bridge on South River Rd that has been reduced to one lane will stay that way for a while. The outside I-beams are failing but the interior ones are fine which is why they are moving the traffic to the center of the bridge. Right now there has not been money budgeted for repair.</li>
                        <li>We will be getting quotes on refurbishing the sign at the entrance that has some problems with wood rotting and in need of new paint.</li>
                        <li>We discussed upcoming events for the year and are looking for volunteers to help organize some of the events. The Huron Pointe garage sale will be June 1-3, we will work with Tony Zadonia to have the 4th Annual HPHA Walleye Tournament, the Huron Pointe Yacht Club would like to work with us on combining efforts for a dinghy/golf cart/bike poker or fun run, and organizing a HPHA raft off on the lake.</li>
                    </ul>
                </p>

                <a name="082017" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>August, 2017</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul class="meetingTopics">
                        <li>- The weed control SAD is all set for this year and the next 4 years for every canal except for the Venetian canal. There are some problem areas that we are letting the provider know about, we are also seeing if the chemicals can be adjusted since the eel grass seems to be here earlier than previous years. If you have concerns about the treatment of an area let us know.</li>
                        <li>The bridge SAD is still not finalized but Larry Tomenello let us know that another federal grant was secured to apply towards the bridges. The final cost should be much lower than the original estimates. When the amount is finalized the township will send out letters explaining the cost and payment options, I will also repost it when I find out.</li>
                        <li>There has not been a reason determined for the failure of some of the pump stations during the heavy rain last month. The maintanance crews are notified via radio signal when there is a problem with the pumps but if you notice any problems please contact the MCDR. It's getting later in the year but in the event of flooding conditions the township and county have an emergency plan in place to bring out sand and sandbags for Huron Pointe. The residents are responsible for filling and placement.</li>
                        <li>There has been very little interest in the dinghy poker run this year. We will try to change the event to a neighborhood meetup at one of the bays on the lake if people are interested in that. Please let us know.</li>
                        <li>We are currently working with the MCDR and Rob Lionetti to get options and pricing for road resurfacing through out Huron Pointe. This is planning for the future and would not be something that was rushed through without the proper planning and exploration. Items such as a bike path on Lakeshore Dr and drainage solutions for W Archer and Venetian are also being looked at.</li>
                        <li>The Pardee bridge was offiically closed to traffic, the MCDR fiscal year starts on October 1st and once their budget for the year is approved we hope to have a better timeline for the removal of the bridge. We will keep you updated with any information we find out.</li>
                        <li>We are asking the MCDR to look into the deteriorating seawall at the end of E Archer on the Riverdale/Powers canal, there is also a small sinkhole on Lakeshore Dr we have asked them to look at. It was mentioned that when the pump stations were installed there were supposed to be extra pumps purchased for replacement and we will try to find out the history with those.</li>
                        <li>Speeding continues to be an issue, there have been many suggestions to slow people down. Speed bumps in any form have been denied the MCDR, traffic calming islands are an options when the roads are resurfaced, radar speed signs to alert people of their speed and additional stop signs placed throughout Huron Pointe. We are looking into these any any other possibilities that people suggest. If you are concerned with the speeders let the Sheriffs Department know, the more they hear from residents the more likely we are to have the Sheriffs out here.</li>
                        <li>There has been some crimes reported in Huron Pointe and the surrounding area, most seem to be crimes of opportunity. Don't give criminals the chance, make sure your doors and cars are locked, keep you garage doors closed if you're not outside, don't leave items outside and look out for eachother. Report anything suspicious to the Sheriffs Department. We are also looking into cameras for the neighborhood.</li>
                    </ul>
                </p>

                <a name="042017" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>April, 2017</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul class="meetingTopics">
                        <li>The garage sale is a little over a month away and will be on June 2-4</li>
                        <li>The 3rd Annual Walleye Tournament will be on June 10th, please contact Tony Zadonia for information</li>
                        <li>We are continuing to collect signatures for the Weed Treatment SAD, look for the street captain signs around the sub to stop in and sign or to help volunteer collecting signatures</li>
                        <li>The bridge project engineer Scott W. from the Macomb County Department of Roads was in attendance to talk about the Pardee bridge removal. He confirmed that the bridge will be removed and is budgeted in the MCDR FY18 budget that begins October 1st, 2017. He said he plans to start making preparations for the removal in the fall and when the FY18 budget is approved by the Macomb County Board of Commissioners the removal will be scheduled. His intention is to make this one of the first projects in FY18 because he likes to get the smaller projects out of the way first and it will not require concrete work or other things that are weather dependent.</li>
                        <li>We will begin to look at another SAD for road resurfacing soon because of the time it takes to get everything in place and actually start construction (1-2 years)</li>
                    </ul>
                </p>


                <a name="012017" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>January, 2017</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul class="meetingTopics">
                        <li>
                            Bill Melching and Tony Zadonia have stepped down as trustees and we thank them for everything they have done to make Huron Pointe a better place to live and enjoy. We would also like to welcome Bill Fromius and Terry Malnar to the HPHA board, they were elected as the 2 new trustees.
                            <ul>
                                <li><strong>President</strong> - Anna Robinson</li>
                                <li><strong>V.P.</strong> - Joe Raymon</li>
                                <li><strong>Secretary</strong> - Ken Mulder</li>
                                <li><strong>Treasurer</strong> - Dave Fisher</li>
                                <li><strong>Trustee</strong> - Don Boden</li>
                                <li><strong>Trustee</strong> - Bill Fromius</li>
                                <li><strong>Trustee</strong> - Terry Malnar</li>
                            </ul>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            There was another lengthy discussion about the wetlands project at Harley Ensign. Sue and Joe Memminger invited a lawyer that they have been in touch with to speak at the meeting. He was very informative in letting us know what the best course of action would be and what our success rate would be in fighting the project. Unless we can make a case that there is a better solution to dumping the spoils from the shipping channel dredging in another location we will have to concede that the project will move forward. We can still hope to make changes to the project so that it will not have an adverse effect on the residents of Huron Pointe by contacting our elected officials and voicing our concerns. While we appreciate all the information that was provided by the lawyer due to the high cost of the retainer the HPHA cannot afford his legal counsel.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            The HPHA board has in writing conformation that the Padree bridge will be removed, however the MCDR says it will not happen until the fall of 2017 at the earliest. We will continue to fight this position but the residents of HUron Pointe can continue to contact the MCDR to voice their opinions at http://roads.macombgov.org/Roads-Home-Request
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            The SAD for the weed control on all canals except for the Ventian canal is moving forward, only the properties on those canals will be included in the SAD. We had many residents that were at the meeting already sign the petitions for the SAD. The HPHA will distribute out petitions to the volunteers that were already handling the weed control on the canals. We will also try to organize an event were residents can stop by just to sign the petition. The West Archer canal is included on the SAD and we are looking for a volunteer to help with getting signatures from those residents.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            After discussion about the date of the garage sale it was decided to move the date to the first weekend in June, hopefully this will provide better weather than we have experienced in the last couple of years.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            The 3rd Annual HPHA Walleye fishing tournament will be held in June and we will have an official date closer to the event. Tony Zadonia wil continue to help organize this event and we hope to see more residents participate in the activities that day.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            There will be a DInghy/Golf Cart Fun Run set up sometime in July after the 4th. We will be looking for volunteers to open up their house to be one of the stops.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            As always we look forward to any feedback.
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </p>

                <a name="042016" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>April, 2016</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul class="meetingTopics">
                        <li>Spot lights to illuminate the Huron Pointe sign at Venetian and South River Rd are awaiting DTE planner approval and an estimate from an electrician</li>
                        <li>Buoys at Lakeshore and South River Rd will be cleaned up and painted</li>
                        <li>The HPHA board is looking at adding solar powered radar speed signs at strategic locations in Huron Pointe to help calm speeding, similar to the sign shown in George Victor’s earlier post</li>
                        <li>The HPHA board is also looking into small medians/roundabouts that would be installed when the roads are resurfaced that would cause drivers to slow down enough to turn around them</li>
                        <li>As stated in other posts any type of speed bump, speed hump, or speed dip is not permitted on public roads by the MCDOR</li>
                        <li>If speeding within Huron Pointe is a concern of yours please voice your opinion to the Macomb County Sheriff at (586) 469-5151 or other traffic concerns can be directed to the Macomb County Department of Roads at (586) 463-8671</li>
                        <li>The Huron Pointe garage sale will be on May 13-15</li>
                        <li>Huron Pointe Walleye Tournament sponsored by Wilson Marine will be on June 11th, more details will be posted on here and www.hpha.us or contact Tony Zadonia</li>
                        <li>Huron Pointe Dinghy Poker Run will be in August (date and locations TBD), if you have any interest in helping out with this event or volunteering your house as a stop please contact Anna Marie Robinson</li>
                        <li>The north Lakeshore Dr bridge is currently on or ahead of schedule and should be completed in early June</li>
                        <li>The south Lakeshore Dr bridge was pushed back a little due to the FAA involvement but is still scheduled to be completed in 2016, please check Steve Marino’s earlier post for details</li>
                        <li>The egress/ingress to the Archer/Lakeshore/Pardee canal is not closed by the Coast Guard as previously thought, be aware that depending on the construction work being done the workers can stop boat from coming through for safety and also the canal has not been dredged and may have debris that could damage a boat, boats going through are doing so at their own risk</li>
                        <li>
                            For those interested in weed control for the canals or helping with collecting funds for weed control here is a list of the captains that handle each canal, you can send a private message to Ken Mulder to get the contact information to any of the captains or to volunteer
                            <ul>
                                <li><strong>Archer/Lakeshore/Pardee canal</strong> – Ken Mulder </li>
                                <li><strong>West Archer/East Archer canal</strong> – currently no captain</li>
                                <li><strong>Venetian canal</strong> – currently no captain</li>
                                <li><strong>Powers/Riverdale canal</strong> – currently no captain</li>
                                <li><strong>Huron Pointe/Circle canal</strong> – Jeff Papsdorf</li>
                                <li><strong>Circle/Lakeville canal</strong> – Dave Kowachek</li>
                                <li><strong>Lakeville/Lakeshore canal</strong> – Bill Schebil</li>
                            </ul>
                        </li>
                        <li>Stop signs at the intersections of the bike path and Huron Point roads and also garbage cans along the bike path were discussed and being looked at, just a reminder that pedestrians have the right of way when crossing the road</li>
                        <li>It was brought up that Huron Pointe residents should be aware of the water quality in Lake St Clair and the sewage that is being dumped in the lake and Clinton River, for more information you can check out groups like www.savelakestclair.org and contact any of your local, state, and federal representatives and let them know that this is important to you and your neighbors, also be aware of Lake St Clair Metro Park beach closings due to E coli because we are so close it can be a good gauge of the water quality in the canals</li>
                    </ul>
                </p>
                <a name="012016" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>January, 2016</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul class="meetingTopics">
                        <li>
                            There were two residents elected to the board, Anna Robinson and Ken Mulder. The board now consists of:
                            <ul>
                                <li><strong>President</strong> - Anna Robinson</li>
                                <li><strong>V.P.</strong> - Joe Raymon</li>
                                <li><strong>Secretary</strong> - Ken Mulder</li>
                                <li><strong>Treasurer</strong> - Dave Fisher</li>
                                <li><strong>Trustee</strong> - Don Boden</li>
                                <li><strong>Trustee</strong> - Bill Melching</li>
                                <li><strong>Trustee</strong> - Tony Zadonia</li>
                            </ul>
                        </li>
                        <li>Steve Marino provided an update regarding the timeline of the N. Lakeshore bridge construction and opened it up to a Q and A session. Additional items that were discussed were a proposed Euchre tournament at HPYC, Walleye tournament at Wilson Marine this Spring, and residents inquired about several items, such as posting detour signs during Lakeshore shut down, walkway after Pardee bridge removal, white lines on Archer dividing traffic, and beautifying the entrance to the neighborhood. Also, a committee was formed to award “best landscaping” awards throughout the neighborhood.</li>
                        <li>The board will take your ideas into consideration when developing projects, events and initiatives this year. We will meet as a board every other month to ensure we are on track with any and all activities, and we will hold open meetings quarterly, at minimum, to provide status updates and solicit feedback from residents. Updates and communications will also be posted on both Facebook pages as we are one community. I am hopeful we can continue the momentum that we saw with the bridge survey, and continue to get residents involved with events, committees, etc.</li>
                    </ul>
                </p>


                <a name="102015" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>October, 2015</h3>
                <p class="meetingTopics">
                    If you have information about this or other past meetings please send it to <a href="mailto:HPHAWebContent@gmail.com">HPHAWebContent@gmail.com</a>.
                </p>


                <a name="072015" class="anchor">&nbsp;</a>
                <h3>July, 2015</h3>
                <p class="meetingTopics">
                    If you have information about this or other past meetings please send it to <a href="mailto:HPHAWebContent@gmail.com">HPHAWebContent@gmail.com</a>.
                </p>







            </div>




        </div>
        <!-- /.row -->



        <hr>

        <!-- Footer -->
        <siteFooter>
            <div class="row">
                <div class="col-lg-12">
                    <p>Copyright &copy; HPHA <span id="footerYear">2018</span></p>
                </div>
            </div>
        </siteFooter>

    </div>
    <!-- /.container -->
    <!-- jQuery -->
    <script src="js/jquery.js"></script>

    <!-- Bootstrap Core JavaScript -->
    <script src="js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="js/site.js"></script>

</body>

</html>
<script>
    (function (i, s, o, g, r, a, m) {
        i['GoogleAnalyticsObject'] = r; i[r] = i[r] || function () {
            (i[r].q = i[r].q || []).push(arguments)
        }, i[r].l = 1 * new Date(); a = s.createElement(o),
            m = s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0]; a.async = 1; a.src = g; m.parentNode.insertBefore(a, m)
    })(window, document, 'script', 'https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js', 'ga');

    ga('create', 'UA-78572954-1', 'auto');
    ga('send', 'pageview');

</script>